Improve Mesh layer description v2 (#3572)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_mesh/mesh_properties.rst

Use :guilabel:`Load` to adjust the min and max value of the current group.

The :guilabel:`Interpolation` list contains three options to render contours: Linear, Discrete and Exact.

The :guilabel:`Color ramp`  drop down list lists the color ramp in your QGIS.
You can list all available ramps, add a new one, edit or save the one you changed.
The name of the color ramp will be saved in the configuration and in the QML files.

The :guilabel:`Label unit suffix` is a label added after the value in the legend.

By selecting ‘Continuous’ in the classification :guilabel:`Mode`, QGIS creates classes automatically considering
the :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values. With ‘Equal interval’, you only need to select the number of classes
using the combo box  :guilabel:`Classes`  and press the button :guilabel:`Classify`.

The button |signPlus| :sup:`Add values manually` adds a value
to the individual color table. The button |signMinus| :sup:`Remove selected row`
deletes a value from the individual color table. Double clicking on the value column
lets you insert a specific value. Double clicking on the color column opens the dialog

> :guilabel:`Change color`, where you can select a color to apply on that value.

Author: @DelazJ you are right. I was not sure how to proceed. So, I left to get feedback from you. Feel free to squash it.

> :guilabel:`Change color`, where you can select a color to apply on that value.

Reviewer: OK. Reported at #3598

.. _mesh_symbology_vectors:

Vectors Symbology
.................

In the tab |general|, click on |vector_inactive| to display vectors if available.
The map canvas will display the vectors in the selected group with default parameters.
Click on the tab |vector_active| to change the visualization parameters for vectors, see figure below:

.. figure:: img/vector_styling.png
   :align: center

   Styling Vectors in a Mesh Layer

> The line width can be set using the combo box or typing the value. The color list, opens the dialog :guilabel:`Change color`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The line width can be set using the combo box or typing the value.
The color list, opens the dialog :guilabel:`Change color`,
```

Reviewer 2: Shortening the line.

where you can select a color to apply to vectors.

> Enter values on :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` to filter vectors according to their magnitude.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter values for :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` to filter vectors according to their magnitude.
```

> Check on the box |checkbox| :guilabel:`Display Vectors on User Grid` and specify the :guilabel:`X spacing` and the :guilabel:`Y spacing`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check on the box |checkbox| :guilabel:`Display Vectors on User Grid` and specify
the :guilabel:`X spacing` and the :guilabel:`Y spacing`,
```

Reviewer 2: shorter line

QGIS will render the vector considering the given spacing.

> On the Head Options :guilabel:`Head Options`, QGIS allows to set the shape of the arrow head by specifying width and length (in percentage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Head Options :guilabel:`Head Options`, QGIS allows to set the shape of the arrow head
by specifying width and length (in percentage).
```

Reviewer 2: shorter line

Vector's :guilabel:`Arrow length` can be rendered in QGIS in three different ways:

> * Defined by Min and Max: You should specify the minimum and maximum length for vector,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Defined by Min and Max: You should specify the minimum and maximum length for the vectors,
```

  QGIS will adjust their visualization accordingly

> * Scale to magnitude: You should specify the (multiplying) factor to use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Scale to magnitude: You specify the (multiplying) factor to use
```

* Fixed: all the vectors are shown with the same length

.. _mesh_symbology_rendering:

Rendering
.........

> In the tab |rendering_mesh|,  QGIS offers two possibilities to display the grid:

Reviewer: Is there an interesting screenshot for this tab?

*	``Native Mesh Rendering`` that shows quadrants
*	``Triangular Mesh Rendering`` that display triangles

> The line width and color can be changed in this dialog or deactivate both grid rendering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The line width and color can be changed in this dialog, and both the grid renderings can be turned off.
```

the :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values. With ‘Equal interval’, you only need to select the number of classes
using the combo box  :guilabel:`Classes`  and press the button :guilabel:`Classify`.

The button |signPlus| :sup:`Add values manually` adds a value
to the individual color table. The button |signMinus| :sup:`Remove selected row`
deletes a value from the individual color table. Double clicking on the value column
lets you insert a specific value. Double clicking on the color column opens the dialog
:guilabel:`Change color`, where you can select a color to apply on that value.

.. _mesh_symbology_vectors:

Vectors Symbology
.................

In the tab |general|, click on |vector_inactive| to display vectors if available.
The map canvas will display the vectors in the selected group with default parameters.
Click on the tab |vector_active| to change the visualization parameters for vectors, see figure below:

.. figure:: img/vector_styling.png
   :align: center

   Styling Vectors in a Mesh Layer

The line width can be set using the combo box or typing the value.

> The color list, opens the dialog :guilabel:`Change color`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The color widget opens the dialog :guilabel:`Change color`,
```

Symbology
---------

Click the |symbology| :guilabel:`Symbology` button to activate the dialog
as shown in the following image:

.. _figure_mesh_symbology:

.. figure:: img/mesh_symbology.png
   :align: center

   Mesh Layer Symbology

Symbology properties are divided in several tabs:

* :ref:`General <mesh_symbology_general>`
* :ref:`Contours Symbology <mesh_symbology_contours>`
* :ref:`Vectors Symbology <mesh_symbology_vectors>`
* :ref:`Rendering <mesh_symbology_rendering>`

.. _mesh_symbology_general:

General 
.......

In this dialog the line width and color can be changed, and the rendering options can be activated / deactivated.

The tab |general| presents the following items:

* groups available in the mesh dataset
* dataset in the selected group(s), for example, if the layer has a temporal dimension
* metadata if available
* :ref:`blending mode <blend-modes>` available for the selected dataset.

The slider |slider|, combo box |selectString| and |groupsexploring| buttons allow to explore another dimension of the data, if available.
As the slider moves, the metadata is presented accordingly.

> See the figure :ref:`Mesh groups <figure_mesh_groups_>` below as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the figure :ref:`Mesh groups <figure_mesh_groups>` below as an example.
```
(_) Not needed when using :ref:

The map canvas will display the selected dataset group as well.

.. _figure_mesh_groups:

.. figure:: img/mesh_groups.png
   :align: center

   Dataset in Selected Group(s)

You can apply symbology to each group using the tabs.

.. _mesh_symbology_contours:

Contours Symbology
..................

Under :guilabel:`Groups`, click on |contour_inactive| to show contours with
default visualization parameters.

In the tab |contour_active| you can see and change the current visualization options of contours

> for the selected group, as shown in the image :ref:`Styling contours in a mesh <figure_mesh_symbology_contours_>` below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the selected group, as shown in the image :ref:`Styling contours in a mesh
<figure_mesh_symbology_contours>` below:
```

Use the button :guilabel:`Assign Extra Dataset to Mesh` to add more groups to the current mesh layer. 

Style
=====

By clicking the button Style |symbology|, you activate the :guilabel:`Layer Styling` dialog as shown in the following image:

.. figure:: img/styling_panel.png
   :align: center

   Mesh Layer Style

In the tab |rendering_mesh|,  QGIS offers two possibilities to display the grid:

> *	Native mesh rendering that shows quadrants

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*	``Native mesh rendering`` that shows quadrants
```

> *	Triangular mesh rendering that display triangles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*	``Triangular Mesh Rendering`` that display triangles
```

> The line width and color can be changed in this dialog or deactivate both grid rendering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this dialog the line width and color can be changed, and the rendering options can be activated / deactivated.
```

The tab |tbutton| presents the following items:

* groups available in the mesh dataset
* dataset in the selected group(s), for example, if the layer has a temporal dimension
* metadata if available

> * blending mode available for the selected dataset, for example: normal, lighten,multiply,…(see blending modes :ref:`blend-modes`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* blending mode available for the selected dataset, for example: normal, lighten, multiply,…(see blending modes :ref:`blend-modes`)
```

The slide bar, combo box and arrows allow to explore another dimension of the data, if available.
As the slide moves, the metadata is presented accordingly. See the figure below as an example.
The map canvas will display the selected dataset group as well.

.. figure:: img/groups_available.png
   :align: center

   Dataset in Selected Group(s)

Under groups click on |contour_inactive| to show contours with default visualization parameters. Then,
in the tab |contour_active| you can see and change the current visualization options of contours
for the selected group, as shown in the image below:

.. figure:: img/contours_style.png
   :align: center

   Styling Contours in a Mesh Layer

Use the slide bar or combo box to set the opacity of the current group.

Use :guilabel:`Load` to adjust the min and max value of the current group.

> The :guilabel:`Interpolation` list contains three option to render contours: Linear, Discrete and Exact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Interpolation` list contains three options to render contours: Linear, Discrete and Exact.
```

      :width: 1.5em
.. |setProjection| image:: /static/common/mActionSetProjection.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |symbology| image:: /static/common/symbology.png
   :width: 2em
.. |signMinus| image:: /static/common/symbologyRemove.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |signPlus| image:: /static/common/symbologyAdd.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |general| image:: /static/common/general.png
   :width: 2em
.. |rendering_mesh| image:: img/rendering.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |contour_active| image:: img/contours_active.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |contour_inactive| image:: img/contours_inactive.png
   :width: 2em
.. |vector_active| image:: img/vector_active.png
   :width: 2em
.. |vector_inactive| image:: img/vector_inactive.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |checkbox| image:: /static/common/checkbox.png
   :width: 1.5em

> .. |slider| image:: /static/common/hslider.png

Reviewer: this is not the slider used as far as i can see. Isn't it instead this one https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/blob/master/static/common/slider.png, referenced at https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/blob/master/source/substitutions.txt#L805, ie 
```suggestion
.. |slider| image:: /static/common/slider.png
```
